## Module 1 Test
Well done! You've reached the end of Module 1 and completed a major milestone in your Python programming education. Here's a short summary of the topic areas you've covered in Module 1:

*the fundamentals of computer programming, i.e., how the computer works, how the program is executed, how the programming language is defined and constructed;
*the difference between compilation and interpretation;
*the basic information about Python and how it is positioned among other programming languages, and what distinguishes its different versions;
*how to obtain, install, and configure Python on your local machine.

You are now ready to take the module test, which will both help you gauge what you've learned so far.

The following test is based on what you have just learned. There are ten questions in total and you need to score at least 70% to pass.

Good luck!


## Question 1

Multiple choice question
What is machine code?


A high-level programming language consisting of instruction lists that humans can read and understand

A medium-level programming language consisting of the assembly code designed for the computer processor

A low-level programming language consisting of binary digits/bits that the computer reads and understands (x)

A low-level programming language consisting of hexadecimal digits that make up high-level language instructions

## Question 2
Multiple choice question
What are the four fundamental elements that make a language?


An alphabet, phonetics, phonology, and semantics 

An alphabet, morphology, phonetics, and semantics

An alphabet, a lexis, phonetics, and semantics

An alphabet, a lexis, a syntax, and semantics (x)

## Question 3

Multiple choice question
What do you call a file containing a program written in a high-level programming language?


A code file (x)

A target file

A machine file

A source file 

## Question 4
Multiple choice question
What is true about compilation? (Select two answers)


It tends to be slower than interpretation (x)

The code is converted directly into machine code  executable by the processor (x)

Both you and the end user must have the compiler to run your code

It tends to be faster than interpretation

## Question 5
Multiple choice question
What is the best definition of a script?


It's an error message generated by the compiler

It's a text file that contains instructions which make up a Python program (x)

It's a text file that contains sequences of zeroes and ones

It's an error message generated by the interpreter

## Question 6
Multiple choice question
Select the true statements. (Select two answers)


Python is a good choice for low-level programming, e.g., when you want to implement an effective driver

Python is free, open-source, and multiplatform (x)

Python 3 is backwards compatible with Python 2

Python is a good choice for creating and executing tests for applications (x)

## Question 7
Multiple choice question
What is CPython?


It's the default, reference implementation of Python, written in the C language (x)

It's a programming language that is a superset of the C language, designed to produce Python-like performance with code written in C

It's the default, reference implementation of the C language, written in Python

It's a programming language that is a superset of Python, designed to produce C-like performance with code written in Python

## Question 8
Multiple choice question
What do you call a command-line interpreter which lets you interact with your OS and execute Python commands and scripts?


Jython

An editor

A console (x)

A compiler

## Question 9
Multiple choice question
What is the expected behavior of the following program?

print("Hello!")
 

The program will output "Hello!" to the screen

The program will generate an error message on the screen

The program will output ("Hello!") to the screen

The program will output Hello! to the screen (x)

## Question 10
Multiple choice question
What is the expected behavior of the following program?

prin("Goodbye!")
 

The program will output "Goodbye!" to the screen

The program will output ("Goodbye!") to the screen

The program will generate an error message on the scree (x)

The program will output Goodbye! to the screen
